README.md, before:

# DNAC Prometheus Exporter

This repository was forked from https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/DNACPrometheusExporter and is reference source code for a Prometheus Data Exporter for DNAC. The purpose of this fork is to be able to separate the functions of the downloaded Docker container (https://github.com/stefanprodan/dockprom) into separate containers and to update the JavaScript files to adopt ES6.

## Pre-requisites
1. Node version v8.11.2 or beyond recommended.  (Tested with node v 8.11.2)
2. Docker 18.09.2 or beyond recommended. (Tested with docker 18.0.9.2).  docker-compose should be available.
3. Bash shell for helper scripts

## Configuration & Run
./init.sh <Local Machine IP Address> <DNAC IP Address> <DNAC admin user> <DNAC admin password>
All parameters are mandatory

**Example**
./init.sh 1.2.3.1 1.2.3.4 admin admin_password

## Usage
Browse http://localhost:9000/metrics whether metrics are seen
Browse http://localhost:9090 and check whether metrics with dnac_ are exported.
If the metrics are present, execute queries and examine results and graphs.  

## Troubleshoot
Console logs should indicate if there are issues in starting up docker or node.
For checking prometheus and scraper connectivity check browser http://localhost:9090 -> Status -> Targets.

----

## Licensing info
BSD 3 license

----

## Credits and references

1. https://github.com/stefanprodan/dockprom
2. https://prometheus.io/
3. https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/products/cloud-systems-management/dna-center/index.html

Commit message:

Updated for clarification of init.sh paramters and specifying the version of DNAC that this script is compatible with

README.md, after:

# DNAC Prometheus Exporter

This repository was forked from https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/DNACPrometheusExporter and is reference source code for a Prometheus Data Exporter for DNAC. The purpose of this fork is to be able to separate the functions of the downloaded Docker container (https://github.com/stefanprodan/dockprom) into separate containers and to update the JavaScript files to adopt ES6.

## Pre-requisites
1. Node version v8.11.2 or beyond recommended.  (Tested with node v 8.11.2)
2. Docker 18.09.2 or beyond recommended. (Tested with docker 18.0.9.2).  docker-compose should be available.
3. Bash shell for helper scripts
4. Cisco Catalyst Center version 1.2.6 and above

## Configuration & Run
./init.sh <Local Machine IP Address> <DNAC IP Address> <DNAC admin user> <DNAC admin password>
All parameters are mandatory!
<Local Machine IP Address> - The IP address of your local machine that the web server and containers will bind to
<DNAC IP Address> - Enterprise port/VIP of your Cisco Catalyst Center appliance
<DNAC admin user> - The username with API access to the Cisco Catalyst Center appliance
<DNAC admin password> - The password for the specified username

**Example**
./init.sh 1.2.3.1 9.8.7.6 admin admin_password

## Usage
Browse http://localhost:9000/metrics whether metrics are seen
Browse http://localhost:9090 and check whether metrics with dnac_ are exported.
If the metrics are present, execute queries and examine results and graphs.  

## Troubleshoot
Console logs should indicate if there are issues in starting up docker or node.
For checking prometheus and scraper connectivity check browser http://localhost:9090 -> Status -> Targets.

----

## Licensing info
BSD 3 license

----

## Credits and references

1. https://github.com/stefanprodan/dockprom
2. https://prometheus.io/
3. https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/products/cloud-systems-management/dna-center/index.html
4. https://developer.cisco.com/docs/dna-center/
